Update some android troubleshooting steps (#981)
home-assistant/companion.home-assistant: docs/troubleshooting/setup.md

2021-02-03 09:03:00.903 7306-7306/? D/LocBroadcastReceiver: Begin evaluating if location update should be skipped
2021-02-03 09:03:00.903 7306-7306/? D/LocBroadcastReceiver: Received location that is 74 milliseconds old, 1612371780829 compared to 1612371780903 with source fused
2021-02-03 09:03:00.903 7306-7306/? D/LocBroadcastReceiver: Duplicate location received, not sending to HA
```

> These are the logs you can expect to see when a duplicate location is received. The app will not send the same location update to the server if it has not changed for 15 minutes since the last update was sent.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be placed above the code block? At this point it is unclear if "these" refers to before or after. Above the code block there is already text about this first one, which would suggest this is about the second one.

Author: ah yes I can rearrange this area

> Below you will find the expected logs for successful location results. If you do not see logs like this then make sure to follow the steps up above as more than likely the app does not have proper access to run in the background without any interference. If the Android system kills the app then you will not see these updates.

Reviewer: While reading these sentences out loud you'd pause but there are not commas! Also trying to break it up to make it easier to read. 

```suggestion
Below you will find the expected log for successful location results. If you do not see lines like these, make sure to follow the previously mentioned steps. No location updates in the app log is usually caused by no proper access to run in the background without any interference, or because the Android system killed the app.
```

2021-02-03 09:06:34.309 7306-7430/? D/LocBroadcastReceiver: Location update sent successfully
```

> The logs will indicate whether a report was skipped due to time, accuracy or something else. If a report was skipped due to accuracy then double check the GPS coordinates to ensure they were correct and consider changing the [sensor setting for accuracy](../core/location.md#location-sensor-settings).

Reviewer: Sometimes skipping a report due to accuracy is good, even if the location is roughly correct? This doesn't really tell you when you would want to change it (for example, because accuracy is 200 instead of 150, but for 1000 you'd still want to skip them).

Reviewer: In that case, don't say "a report" but something like "multiple reports after another"? Sometimes you do get bad data, the accuracy shouldn't be changed just because you find one in the logs.

Author: ah yes we should be more explicit there :)

Reviewer: I see you also added an example, thanks 👍

> If you still experience an issue please submit a GitHub [issue](https://github.com/home-assistant/android/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=Bug_report.md&title=) and remember to attach the 10 minutes of logs from this troubleshooting step as its required to help.

Reviewer: > If you still experience an issue

... after following these steps,

> as its required to help

Required is a bit harsh, and also not very privacy-friendly. To make it easier to help? If someone describes what's in the logs they aren't really required.

Author: good call updated to make it more clear and not required to help but more correctly "may be requested" :)
